---
# layout: posts
title:  "The End"
date:   2023-04-26
---

I have not had as much time as I would like to work on this, and it sucks because the time I do work on Hendrix Today, there is 0 visible progress. I definitely think I’m over complicating this, and at this point I think I have stared at it for too many hours, so my brain has decided this isn’t real anymore. It’s like when you say a word too many times and it sounds fake. This code is fake. I do not know why I am having so much trouble fixing the search stuff.The way it used to work was creating a snapshot of the database and using that. I think they had the same issues that I’m having right now because nothing is ever done with the results of the search. The searching works. I put a bajillion print statements in, and it showed the results of the search. But I cannot get the UI to update. I can’t call setState because it’s inside a Consumer. It will not let me pass the results to anything outside of the onChanged function for the search bar. The goal is every time the input of the search bar changes, the UI updates to show the results. But nope. Not gonna happen.

I’m really sad that this is the last Disco Tray meeting I will be at forever. I cannot wrap my head around that so I think I’m gonna stay in denial for a bit. I’ve never had any internships or comp sci jobs while I’ve been at Hendrix, so I’m really glad to have had the opportunity to work on this team. It’s been a nice and safe middle ground. I do not want to go into the outside comp sci industry because it is hard and scary. So I will not. For now. Eventually I will once I get bored of doing not comp sci stuff and then I will deal with scary hard job. Thankfully, having experience with Disco Tray makes thinking about full time jobs less scary. But they’re not gonna be as cool. 
