---
title:  "Things are broken"
date:   2023-03-29
---

For some reason I cannot get the groups in the appState to work with the UI. I have no clue what I did wrong. It should work, but it doesn’t. It keeps throwing ProviderNotFoundException, but the provider is there??  feel like I’ve been going in circles. Connor got the AppState to work for the calendar, and he explained it to me, but then Spring break happened, so I forgot and ran in circles again. Earlier this week he pushed his changes, so I’so I’ve been trying to base what I’m doing off those, since whatever I’m trying obviously isn’t going to work. Also every time I pull his changes, the app yells at me and gives big walls of red text, and I have to fix it. For some reason it hates import dart:html in AppState. I keep deleting it, but then it makes it’s way back with his changes. After a while I realize it’s up there and delete it again.

I was tired of being yelled at by the Lake Nixon app, so I tried to get Hendrix Today to work. Right before our meeting with them a few weeks ago, mine crashed big time. I have no clue what happened, and I still don’t. It was giving a bunch of errors with ruby and stuff that was way deeper than the app itself. I tried to fix it again before break, but nothing was working. But I tried again yesterday, and when I opened it, it worked?? Which was so weird. I have no clue what happened, but it works now, so I will accept that as a win. I have no clue if we are going to work on that again now or keep working on Lake Nixon. Hopefully we go back to HDX Today, or I figure out why I get yelled at every time I try to add a consumer to Lake Nixon. 
