---
title:  "I'm back!"
date:   2023-01-25
---
It’s very nice to be back and not as stressed. It also helps that I am a lot more comfortable with mobile apps than the database stuff I was trying to work on with Java last semester. It helps that I worked with dart last semester, so I can jump in instead of dealing with the learning curve of trying to remember stuff that I havent used in over a year. The first project we're going to be working on is the Hendrix Today app. This week we all went through and found lots of things we wanted to fix and add. I decided to try to get it to where the HomePage does not show events that have already passed. I thought it would be straightforward, but it sure is not. One of the problems is that the dates are stored as Strings, but I created a function to convert a date formatted like ‘12/1/22’ to a DateTime, but some (or all?) of the dates also include a time. So now I have to figure out how to deal with that. However, I do not have access to the data so I cannot figure out what all is in the date, I just get to guess. Hopefully I’ll figure out how to use Firebase to figure that out in the meeting today. Another problem I ran into is trying to figure out how everything is pieced together. It seems theres some repeated code, as well as functions that are never called. So I spent some time trying to fix the dates, only to realize I was working on something that is never used. Eventually I found out where I can check the dates, so hopefully I can finish that soon. I wouldn’t be suprised if we end up restructuring some of it because it is somewhat confusing. 