---
title:  "Will I Ever Find a Decent Tutorial?"
date:   2023-02-15
---

I’ve gotten everything hooked up ot Github again, so that is lovely. And this time I pushed my changes to my fork instead of accidentally pushing it straight to the main branch. I’m glad I got everything reorganized before working on the AppState because it is turning out to be more difficult than I thought. So it was nice that I had some visable progress to show, and organziation is helpful.

One of the things I’m having a hard time figuring out is the fact that we are not going to have login stuff, whereas GoodVibes and a lot of other firebase apps use it. However there is still a user connected to Firebase. So I need to spend more time figuring out which parts are because of the app login (parts I do not need), and parts that are the firebase user (do need). 
There are many pieces and I keep getting overwhelmed and confused, so I decided to try to find a simpler example to work on. Then once I have a basic understanding, I can implement it.

A chunk of the appState will be Firebase stuff, which I am not the best with, so that is making things a bit more difficult. I’ve found a couple tutorials which seem helpful, but I have had bad luck with them. I got halfway through one of them then realized it was not what we needed, so I scrapped that. Then I found one I really liked, but it was 2 years old, so some of the stuff had depreciated. It was still mostly usable, I just had to figure out which dependancies needed to be updated and which to leave as older versions. There was some UI stuff that just wouldn't work, but decided not to try too much because it wasn’t relevant. I got through the first two parts of it, and understood everything, and then realized the author never finished it. And I had just gotten to the part of working with the AppState. However, 
I found the repo of the full project, but now I’m back to the problem of there is a lot happening and my brain gets overwhelmed. Since it’s old, it won’t run, but I can still look at the code. I was hoping to find a good tutorial so I could try to go through it step by step, but I guess that is not in the cards. At least now I have another AppState to look at. I’ve gone back to just working in Hendrix Today because why not. 
