---
title:  "Everything is Broken"
date:   2023-02-08
---
The universe does not want me to work on the ApplicationState. Last week I was reorganizing and getting a better understanding of the project. Hopefully that is helpful to everyone. I think its easier to find things. Once I finally got everything situated, I started working on the appState. I’m trying to base it off the Good Vibes one, but it’s kinda tricky because theres so many moving parts in both apps, and I need to figure out which ones will be useful to have in Hendrix Today. But I made a basic appState and it makes sense. I ran the app and it worked, so then I went to try to change everything to use the AppState instead of a bunch of snapshots. I have no clue what happened, but everything fell apart. And I don't think it was because of the AppState?? Gitkraken wouldn't acknowledge any of the branches so I couldn’t commit anything. Then it ignored the useful pages and only picked up changes in the build folder/other things I did not need to commit. I have cleaned it and rebuilt it any times. And recloned it. Now it is yelling at me saying there is no pubspec file, but I am looking at it. Also I think I messed up the AppState because when I try to create Consumer< AppState > it gives me type errors. I made a new flutter project, and it ran. So it’s not a problem with that? Who knows whats going on. It sure isn’t me. I just want to work on the AppState without everything imploding.

Update: I deleted everything and redownloaded the zip file and moved the new stuff. It works. It is not connected to github and I am scared to do that so it will stay local for now. This is good enough. 