---
layout: post
title:  "Week 8 - Preparing For Game Dev"
date:   2020-10-18
---
This week I worked with Griffith some more on the database, but I feel like I'm not much help to this project because everyone else knows so much more than I do. I met with Dr. Goadrich and we figured out another way for me to contribute that isn't the Hendrix Assesment project. I've started working on the game development stuff for the project. I've made a twitch account for us, and I'm figuring out streaming and all that stuff. I've also been playing some of the games from the Games For Change Conference this summer. (click for more)

The first one I played was represent me, made by icivics. I actually played games from icivics when I took civics in high school, and I think our teacher used it as a grade? It was a very simple game. You read over bills, and decided what group of people it would help most (rural/urban, young/old, wealthy/poor).  After you read through the 12 bills, you 'met' five of your constituants. Then you picked three bills you thought they would all like. After you passed the bills there was an election and you see if they like you or not. It was a very simple way to learn a little bit about bills and elections, and it was very straighforward and easy to understand. Overall the game took like 10 minutes.

The second game I played was A Closed World by Gambit. It focused on queer issues and what it is like being queer surrounded by unaccepting people. The storyline is you go into a forest and there’s some things that remind you of your people. Then you run into demons and you have to fight them. The demons are people close to you: your brother, mother, sweetheart’s parents, and your sweetheart after y’all break up because of their unaccepting family. Whenever you run into your sweetheart before you’ve defeated all the other demons, it says you’re not ready to battle that demon yet. You fight your demons with logic, passion and ethics, and if your health (‘composure’) gets too low you can take a breath and it restores some of your composure. It would’ve been helpful if there was a map because at some points I was just roaming through the forest looking for a demon, and everything looked the same, so it was hard to tell where you’d already been.  After you defeat your sweetheart there’s a bridge over a lake where there is the final demon: your past. After you defeat your past, you keep walking and there’s a dragon statue with a poem for you. The dragon is very lovely and supportive. I really liked this game because it demonstrated the struggles LGBTQ+ youth have to face, and it wasn’t a typical battle game. You had to fight the people most important to you, and in the end you had to battle yourself (internalized homophobia, self-hatred, etc.). I felt like the concept was very well thought out and unique, and I feel like it would be a good teaching game for young kids on why it’s important to accept everyone.  