---
layout: post
title:  "So Much Organizing "
date:   2023-02-01
---
So my plan for this week was to work on the ApplicationState, however that didn’t really happen. The more I tried to work with the code, the more I realized it wasn’t super organized and there is a chunk of unused and repeated code. For example, there were two different event classes, and an eventItem class, and only one of the three was used. I removed the two that were not used, and if it turns out we need them, I’ll just add them back. There was a few files with multiple classes in them, so I made some of the classes into their own files, so everything would be easier to find.This made it to where some of the files are pretty small, but I figured we’ll end up changing the layout anyways. I think it’ll be helpful to have more files that are smaller, but that makes it easier to find things instead of if we only had a few big files. Also, when I was done organizing, I went to push it to my branch but I accidentally pushed it to the main one. I reverted it, so hopefully, it doesn’t interfere with anyone else’s stuff...

After all the classes were separated, I decided to make folders. However, the project did not like that one bit. I have no clue what I did, but it crashed and refused to run again, no matter what I changed. After many futile attempts, I decided it would be easier to go back to an earlier version that worked and try again instead of trying to fix whatever I broke. There were a few problems the second time with the imports, but eventually I got everything working. Then I somehow broke Gradle? It said I needed to update the plugins, so I did, but then I threw a hissy fit. I didn’t want to fight with it again, and I hadn’t made many changes, so I just pulled the most recent version, and problem solved. Both the times I had to 'start over' took foreverrr and it was really annoying.  <br />
I spent so much time working on moving things around, that I did not spend much time on the ApplicationState, but hopefully having things more organized will help in the long run. Also, rummaging through everything and sorting it gave me a much better understanding of what is actually happening with the app, so thats a plus. There are still some things I think should be moved around, but I have decided it is organized enough for the moment. Now, I get to actually try to implement an ApplicationState similar to Good Vibes. One of the things that I need to figure out more about is that Good Vibes uses sqlite and has a database helper, whereas Hendrix Today just uses firebase, and as far as I know, has no helper.  Unfortunately, that is about as far as I got on the ApplicationState, so hopefully I will figure that out this week. Or at least make progress on what I said I would do instead of spending many hours rearranging things.