---
layout: post
title:  "Things Work! This is fun!"
date:   2023-02-22
---

Not even an hour after I made the last post, I got the appState working, so that was a nice surprise! As I was changing all of the individual snapshots to talk to the appState instead, I realized all of them were just looking at the snapshot, and making cards of all the events. So instead of doing that three separate times with the appState, I made an EventList. It talks to the appState and make a list of cards of all the events. That way when we want to get all the events, we can call that. I am having lots of fun with this project. Last semester I had a lot on my plate, and I was not very familiar with the stuff I worked on. Because of that I did not look forward to working on it, and I was able to work on it ~3-5 hours/week. This semester I have more time, and I want to work on it more because I enjoy it. I’ve been working around 8 hours each week, and I was able to do 10 last week!! 8 seems sustainable, and I’m hoping I can do the full 10 more often since I feel like last semester was a bust. <br>
Since the appState is working, I started working on tags and searching. I emailed the HDX Today people and asked some questions about them, and we all decided it would be best to have a meeting to talk about it. I think it’ll be beneficial to explain what we’ve done since they last saw the app, and make a game plan. I started working on tags anyways, and I got kinda sidetracked again. It seems that I decide to do one thing, but then do something else in the middle, but eventually I finish the actual task I planned. I like to think that even though I don’t always do what I’m supposed to do, the things I add are useful in the long run. This time I made a custom eventCard. The events were displayed with a ListTile, but I could not get it formatted the way I liked, so I just made one. It still has the same vibe as before, but it’ll be easier to modify. Now I get to start on the actual functionality of searching. I probably won’t get super far before we meet with them tomorrow, and I don’t think that’s a bad thing. If I need to change/scrap stuff, it’s not like I spent a bunch of time making something we don't need. 