---
layout: post
title:  "More AppState (but harder)"
date:   2023-03-08
---
We stopped working on Hendrix Today for a bit, and now we’re working on Lake Nixon. Conviently I can no longer get HDX Today to run, so it’s going to be a future problem. As soon I was happy about having time to work on Disco Tray stuff, midterms hit and I felt like garbage for a week, so the exact opposite happened. Love that. Hopefully that is over and now I can spend more time on this. Lake Nixon is a lot bigger and more complex than HDX today, so it’s taking me longer than I expected to figure stuff out. I'm glad we started with Hendrix Today becuase I feel like I have a decent understanding of what to do, now I just have to figure out what on earth is going on in the Lake Nixon App.  I reorganized everything, and started working on the AppState. However I didn’t commit all the changes in the organization beforehand, so that made a bit of a problem. Unfortunately I realzied that after I broke things, so I tried to fix them as best I could, then pushed the changes anyways so they don’t get more broken...

Theres a globals file with all the global variables/functions, and I was going to try to put it all in the AppState, but it was more difficult that I expected, so I’m moving as much as I can, but we’re probably going to end up with some stuff still in that file. Oh well. At one point VS Code said there was globals.dart and Globals.dart, and that caused problems. I couldn’t find globals.dart anywhere (I’m almost positive I deleted it), but things were still talking to it by default. So I would edit Globals.dart and it seemed the changes worked, but in reality they didn't, and because they didn’t work, everything just talked to globals.dart as a backup. I had to rename Globals.dart to globals.dart, then delete it and it finally stopped recognizing it. Then I just remade Globals.dart and put everything I wanted back into it. It was way to complicated for just a capitalization difference. 
<br>
I have some functions moved into the AppState, but I have yet to connect them, so I do not know if they work. Also I am confused on the when to use schedules/appointment/event/lakeNixonevent, and there are a lot of variables named ‘event’ but have different types, so it makes it hard to distinguish between everything. I think I’m on the right track, but I’m going to talk to Connor about it to day to make sure I’m not getting things mixed up. I think once I get everything straight, it shouldn’t be that difficult. My main problem right now is that things are very confusing and it’s diffult to fully figure out what is happening, which means it is difficult to try to rewrite it for the AppState. 
<br>
Also I met with Julie Janos last week and did a little interviewey thing for whatever she is writing, which I’m still not exactly sure what it is. Anyways, it was fun, and I like talking about cool stuff I get to do because of Disco Trays. Hopefully she got good information from it. I haven’t heard anything else from her, and she said she’ll email me once she has more. So we shall see what happens next. 
