---
title:  "Blog Works! Other things do not..."
date:   2022-09-19
---
First off, blog works!!! It works!! Jonathon was helping me get flutter installed, and for funsies he took a look at my blog and fixed it! However before hand I messed up my path really bad to the point of literlly nothing worked. But we fixed it, and got everything functional again. A big reason why my blog wasn't working was because I forgot to put .md at the end of my files. I feel like an idiot, but at least it works and I can run it locally. I think I've decided to track the week and do blog posts on sundays. I was trying to do them wednesdays, but I think sundays make more sense. Also now that this blog is running, I want to update it sometime soonish to be a jazzier theme + more than just disco tray stuff. But we shall see if I have time for that. <br />
Anyways. How that blog is working, I get to fully focus on AssetBuilders stuff! My goal for this week was to get a little gui working to figure out how to display the data. I build one, but I guess I connected scenebuilder and javafx/intelliJ wrong. As soon as I ran it, all of my progress got erased and it ran the default app. So I don't know if I saved it to the wrong place, and I still have it somewhere, or if it is just in the void and I need to start over. I'm writing this right before the meeting and I have decided to show up with pretty much nothing instead of trying to scramble a terrible version. I wish Disco Tray's wasn't my last class of the day becuase by the time I get to the meetings, my brain is fried. It probably doesn't help that I also use the hour beforehand to work on it, so my brain is hardcore working all day before the meeting. <br />
Not fully related, but fun news: I got an adapter so I can plug my laptop into the monitors in Mars! Super excited to be able to use them. <br />
I would like to point out I forgot to put .md at the end of this post too. I will never learn. 

